Welcome everyone to coding Interview Question Number.
So for this question you're going to need to consider an array of non-negative integers and then a second
array is formed by shuffling the elements of the first array and deleting a random element.
So given these two arrays you need to find which element is missing in the second array.
So for example let's say you're given the arrays one two three four five and the other array happens
to be 1 3 4 5 and you can see that the missing value was 2 and sometimes the arrays are also going to
be shuffled so keep that in mind as well.
And you could try to solve this problem multiple ways.
There's lots of different approaches you can take to this.
There's actually a really simple clever approach you can take and maybe you've already discovered it
just by looking at this problem.
Thinking about it but try to solve it in multiple ways because sometimes your interview is going to
ask you to solve the same question different ways over and over again.
So maybe they only come in a fun question but expect like three different solutions for it.
All right.
Hope you have fun with this exercise.
I'll see at the solutions.